Day :

Days Hotel is located just 1 km away from the national highway (NH1) in Panipat. Some of the popular places the guests may visit are Devi temple (5 km), Panipat Museum (6 km) and the Hemus Samadhi (9 km). The Panipat railway station is 4 km away and the Indira Gandhi International Airport is 103 km from the hotel.
Room Amenities: All rooms have have coffee/tea maker, free Wi-Fi, dry cleaning services, flat screen televisions and hairdryer. Some rooms have a private sit out as well.
Hotel Facilities: The hotel has a fitness center. The hotel offers babysitting services, doctor on call, shoeshine, and same-day dry-cleaning services. The banquet hall, ballroom and well-equipped business center are also available. The hotel also has a park for children. In addition, the hotel has CCTV surveillance system.
Dining: The restaurant serves a variety of dishes from various cuisines.

maha:
Located in the heart of the city on national highway no.1, it features a swimming pool and free internet facility is also provided.
All the rooms are well-designed and come fitted with modern amenities. A television with cable channels and an intercom facility is available in each room. The attached bathrooms have hot/cold running shower facility.
Prominent tourist spots are Salar Gunj Gate(800 m), Ibrahim Lodi Tomb(1.3 km), Fun City Mall(2.5 km), Kabuli Bagh Masjid(4.3 km) and many more places to visit and enjoy.

smart:

Room Amenities:The property features elegantly designed and well-appointed rooms equipped with modern conveniences. In-room amenities include cable television, intercom facility and daily newspaper.
Hotel Facilities: The hoteloffers facilities like travel desk, parking facility laundry, transfers, doctor on call and sightseeing.Those on business tour can host meetings, conferences and seminars as it features well-equipped conferencing facilities making it a perfect base for business travellers.
Dining: The hotel houses a multi cuisine restaurant, wherein one can get to taste mouth-watering delicacies.


swarn:
The Swarn Mahal hotel is located on Panipat-New Delhi national highway, NH1. It is 12 km away from Panipat Railway Station and 94 km away from Indira Gandhi International Airport, New Delhi. Tourist attractions that guests can visit include Salar Ganj Gate (13 km) and Panipat museum (12 km).
Room Amenities: The hotel has well-furnished rooms and suites with a view of the busy NH1 road and the forest area around the hotel. They come with amenities such as a flat-screen TV, telephone, WiFi and attached bathroom.
Hotel Facilities:The hotel offers spacious conference halls and banquet facilities with event management and catering services. Other recreational facilities include a gym, spa and swimming pool.
Dining:The Swarn food court offers a wide variety of Indian and international cuisine, while Swarn restaurant serves exotic continental dishes and cocktails.