ginger:
The property is located in Mumbai which has numerous attractive places and sightseeing, which makes it an ideal tourist spot for travelers. Ginger Hotel Mumbai Andheri is a modern property that proffers blend of splendid comfort and grandeur at its best. The property is located at an accessible distance from Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport and Andheri Railway Station.
Room Amenities: Rooms are spacious, well appointed and elegantly furnished that offers a blend traditional style and comfort. Amenities featuring in these rooms include television, electronic safe, work desk, tea/coffee maker, mini fridge and many more. Attached modern bathrooms are fitted with essential bathroom amenities and toiletries along with hot/cold water supply.
Hotel Facilities: For a relaxed and comfortable stay, an array of facilities are offered such as Free Wi-Fi, parking, laundry, car rental service, room service and many more. In case of medical emergency doctor on call facility is also provided by the hotel. For convenience of business travellers, the hotel provides a well-appointed conference facility so that interviews, meetings and social events can be organized easily.
Dining: The hotel has an in-house restaurant serves a wide array of authentic Indian and global cuisines to pamper the taste buds.



Ibis:

Ibis Mumbai Airport offers value for money stays just minutes away from Domestic Terminal Airport (800 m) and Chhatrapati Shivaji International Airport is (3 km). The hotel is good for transit stays and is a short drive from BKC and Bandra.
Room Amenities: The hotel offers rooms with comfortable beds, tea/coffee maker, mini-fridge, laptop-compatible digital safe, LCD television, and work desk. The ensuite bathroom features shower cubicle and essential toiletries.
Hotel Facilities: Facilities like Wi-Fi, accessibility for people with reduced mobility, currency exchange, laundry, 24-hour reception, and parking facility are provided for the comfort of guests.
Dining: Spice It is the in-house restaurant offering buffet and a-la-carte menu options. The Hub Bar offers beverages and light snacks.


Roy:

This 4-star establishment features elegantly designed rooms that include Winter Green Rooms(deluxe) and Hazel Suites. Amenities like LCD TV, two dual-line telephones, Wi-Fi and safe are fitted in these rooms. The suites come with a private business room, kitchenette, bedroom and bathroom for added convenience.
Hotel Facilities: The hotel caters to corporate guests with an on-site business centre and seven event venues, in collaboration with The Acres Club within the same premises. These include Lawns, Garden Lawns, Illusions, Grand, Diamond, Tangerine and The Pub. The recreational facilities include swimming pool, indoor and outdoor gaming facility and bowling alley. Library, beauty salon, barber shop and spa and fitness centre on-site enhance the overall experience of guests.
Dining: The Art House is the in-house restaurant that offers an array of culinary delights from different parts of the world. Moreover, guests can also head to any of the three restaurants at The Acres Club, namely The Upper Deck, The Pub and Poolside Restaurant.


trid:

A luxurious sea-facing property,Trident Nariman Point offers stunning views of Marine Drive (or Queen's Necklace) in South Mumbai. It is located within 3 km from Churchgate station and the iconic monument ofGateway of India.
Hotel Facilities:In addition to a well-equipped business centre, the hotel has other facilities that make the stay pleasurable for both business and leisure travellers. The hotel maintains a sparkling clean swimming pool with spectacular ocean views and offers world-class spa therapies. Guests can continue their workout sessions at the state-of-the-art fitness centre of the hotel.
Dining:Guests can choose from multiple dining options available at the hotel. Frangipani is an All Day Dining restaurant while India Jones specialises in Pan Asian dishes. Verandah- the 24-hour lounge is known for its delicious sandwiches, desserts and pastries. The hotel also offers a bar- Opium Den that stocks finest variety of wines and cocktails.
