itc:
Spread across 5 acres of landscaped greens and overlooking the Durgam Cheruvu Lake, ITC Kohenur is a 5-star property situated opposite the popular Inorbit Mall, just 4 km from IT and business hub, HITEC City and a 15-min drive from ISB Hyderabad. Nearby attractions include Shilparamam cultural village (4.5 km), Golconda Fort (10 km), Charminar (20 km) and more.
Room Amenities:271 rooms, suites and serviced residences, with a special floor for female travellers. In-room amenities may include 24-hour butler service, Smart TV, Wi-Fi, mobile-controlled room automation, four-fixture bathrooms, electronic safe, turndown service, wake-up service, private balcony, iron/ironing board, work desk, telephone etc.
Hotel Facilities: Kaya Kalp signature spa, business centre, concierge services, outdoor pool, well-equipped gym, club lounge, laundry/dry cleaning, wheelchair access etc.
Dining: Guests can enjoy dining at its finest with the hotel's 6 dining options. These include the award-winning Indian restaurant 'Dum Phukt', the aptly named 'Sky Bar' with its splendid views of the city, Chinese specialty restaurant 'Yi Jung', Italian specialty restaurant 'Ottimo' and more.



mans:
Manasarovar The Fern is located next to the US Consulate, Secundrabad, and is about 35km from the international airport.
Location: Close to many important landmarks like Begumpet Airport (2 km), Hyderabad Central Mall (5 km) and Anand Theatre (2 km), the property is located at a distance of 4 km from Secunderabad Railway Station.
One can also explore various attractions like Sanjeevaiah Park (500 m), Hussain Sagar (6 km) and many more.
Room Amenities:In-room amenities are writing desk, safe, mini bar, telephone, LCD television, tea/coffee maker and hair dryer. All rooms have well-maintained attached bathrooms fitted with essential amenities.
Hotel Facilities: The hotel has three conference halls, a spacious multi-functional hall, two boardrooms, spa, gymnasium, steam rooms, sauna, swimming pool and indoor games facility.



vivan:

Adjacent to Hussain Sagar Lake, Vivanta by Taj is just 800 m from the Begumpet MMTS Station and a 25-minute drive from key places of interest such as Charminar and Salar Jung Museum. The luxurious hotel is40 mins from Rajiv Gandhi International Airport.
Room Amenities: The contemporary rooms are categorized as Deluxe Allure, Premium Indulgence, Superior Charm, and Presidential Nirvana suites, all offering a view of the city. The room amenities include king size beds, LED TV, Wi-Fi, tea/coffee maker, electronic safes, mini bar, iron/ironing board and en-suite bathrooms with Egyptian cotton towels, Forest Essentials bath amenities, and rain shower.
Hotel Facilities: A stay at the hotel is incomplete without availing wellness facilities such as a fully-equipped fitness centre, swimming pool, steam room and spa treatments. Business travellers can avail the 24-hour business centre,and three venues that can accommodate up to 500 guests for events. Other facilities include valet parking, ATM machine and doctor-on-call.The concierge will help guests arrange tours, walks, car rental, booking for restaurants and any local errands required.


park:

Multiple fine dining options, the Aura Spa, Kismet nightclub & a retro lounge are some highlights at the Park Hyderabad.
Location: The Park Hyderabad is the flagship hotel of the Park hotels. The property is 5 km away from the Hyderabad Railway Station and 7 km away from the Mahatma Gandhi Bus Station. It is 2 km away from Birla Mandir, 1 km away from NTR garden, 2 km away from the Buddha statue at Lumbini Park and 8 km away from the Salar Jung Museum.
Room Amenities: The hotel offers 270 rooms categorised as Luxury rooms that either face the pool or the courtyard, Lake Rooms, Trillion Rooms, Panoramic Suite, Signature Suite and The Residence. The in-room amenities include newspaper, choice of fruits, LCD TV, tea/coffee maker, a mini-bar and other modern amenities.
Hotel Facilities: The Aura Spa is the best place to pamper oneself with a massage. Other facilities include a well-equipped gymnasium, salon, the Box gift shop and a pool. The Ballroom is the hotel banquet hall and is available to host corporate events and social functions. The banquet offers a welcome drink on arrival, theme-based decor and other amenities that are required to make the event a success.











