hasini

Set in the heart of the city Guntur in Andhra Pradesh.The hotel offers a wide range of facilities like doctor on call, travel desk, help desk, room service, luggage storage, safe deposit lockers, help desk and parking. The supportive staff of the hotel ensures that all needs of guests are timely fulfilled. Moreover, services like Wi-Fi internet access and car rental on chargeable basis. For accommodation the hotel features capacious and spotlessly clean rooms equipped with conveniences such as air conditioning, satellite television, telephone, desk and attached bathrooms with hot/cold water and essential toiletries. The rooms here are perfectly designed and elegantly crafted, to make the stay pleasurable for guests.
Guests are in for an exclusive treat at the in-house restaurant that serves lip-smacking regional and Continental delicacies. In addition, it also features well-equipped conferencing and banqueting venues, making it a perfect base for business/leisure travellers.



sindoori

A budget property, Sindoori Hotel is located 54.7 km from Vijaywada Airport, 700 m from Guntur Junction and 2.8 km from Bus Stand.
The hotel is equipped with an encore of impeccable amenities that promise luxurious and relaxed stay with warm and comfortable environment. A beautiful array of facilities to ease the senses and make the stay as comfortable and enjoyable as possible. With world-class amenities, the property believes in exceeding guests expectations and creating a new hospitality experience to make the stay more comfortable.
In-house multi-cuisine restaurant dishes out the best of Indian and international delicacies to cajole the taste-buds. It features well-equipped conferencing and banqueting venues, making it a perfect base for business as well as leisure travellers.


capital

Located in PR Raju Plaza, this business hotel is a short 5-minute drive from Guntur RailwayJunction walk-able distanceand NTR Bus Station (1km).The hotel features a board room, banquet hall and terrace garden area for business meets and private parties. Corporate travelers have access to the modern business centre with fax, scan and printing machines, and internet connectivity. Other perks on offer include travel desk, valet parking, doctor on call, safety deposit lockers and Wi-Fi.
Guests can choose from 30 well-furnished rooms and suites that are appointed with air conditioning, LCD TV, telephone, work desk, chair and Wi-Fi. Mini bar, tea/coffee maker, iron and DVD player/hairdryer are offered on request for a surcharge. Additionally, the hotels executive and suite rooms offer panoramic views of the city.
Guests can start their day with complimentary buffetbreakfast. The hotels restaurant serves avarietyofSouthandNorthIndiandishes. VisitKothamas Shopping Mall (750 m) to buy kitchenware, gift items, toys etc. Guests can also head to the nearby N.T.R. Manasa Sarovar Park (4.4 km) for a fun outing, Haailand water park 14 KM.



viceroy

Nestled in the heart of the city.The hotel is equipped with an encore of impeccable amenities that promise luxurious and relaxed stay with warm and comfortable environment. A beautiful array of facilities to ease the senses and make the stay as comfortable and enjoyable as possible. With world-class amenities, the property believes in exceeding guests expectations and creating a new hospitality experience to make the stay more comfortable.
It features well-equipped conferencing and banqueting venues, making it a perfect base for business travellers.
It is all about the experience that goes beyond the ordinary!