Lemon:

Room Amenities: The rooms are well decorated and furnished to give maximum comforts to the guests. They are equipped with television, tea/coffee maker, electronic safe and workstation. They have attached bathrooms with essential toiletries. Also, there are guestrooms for differently abled patrons.
Hotel Facilities: The hotel offers front desk, room service, Wi-Fi, business centre, and numerous conferencing and banqueting venues for business or social events. Leisure facilities include a well-equipped fitness centre and swimming pool.
Dining: The on-site 'Citrus Cafe' offers local specialties, global cuisines, and agharka khaanamenu for home style food. 'Slounge', a great place to enjoy a drink in the evening, comes with a pool table and PlayStation.

Park:
The Park, New Delhi is situated in the heart of the city and very close to the Jantar Mantar, making it a well connected and convenient base for business travellers and tourists alike. It is 500 m away from Rajiv Chowk Metro Station, 3 km away from New Delhi Railway Station and 13,9km away from the Indira Gandhi International Airport.
Room amenities include flat screen TV with cable, DVD player, WiFi, in-room digital safe, mini-bar, tea/coffee maker, complimentary seasonal fruits and in-room temperature control. Some rooms also have a brilliant view of the Jantar Mantar while the rest overlook the Cannaught Place.
Hotel Facilities: For leisure and recreation the hotel offers a range of handpicked books, magazines, a DVD library, swimming pool and spa. The 3 banquet spaces have a combined seating capacity of 550 guests and are equipped to serve the needs of business meetings, weddings or other events. Other hotel facilities include laundry services, babysitter on request, currency exchange, secretarial services, doctor on call and butler services.
Dining: Mist is the 24-hour dining restaurant and serves Italian, Mediterranean and Asian cuisine, while Fire is the pan Indian restaurant. Aqua is the poolside bar which offers a wide variety of alcoholic beverages and snacks in a happening environment with a live DJ. Agni is the other dining option and serves a wide range of drinks, including seasonal fruit margaritas.

Rose:

Roseate House New Delhi offers world-class facilities. The Roseate House is about 3 km from Indira Gandhi International Airport and around 17 km from New Delhi Railway Station. Guests can also visit Gurudwara Bangla Sahib (17 km), Qutub Minar (15 km) and India Gate (16 km).
Room Amenities:All rooms are spacious and are divided into dining and dressing areas. Rooms offer a view of the spacious lawn and greenery around the hotel. Some rooms offer a view of inner courtyard and city. The rooms come with amenities such as WiFi connection, TV with cable, locker, tea/coffee maker and minibar. The attached bathrooms are spacious and full-fledged with latest toiletries.
Hotel facilities: The rooftop pool, wellness spa with steam and sauna bath, the healthcare center and ultra-chic cinema hall are some of the facilities at the hotel. The wide and free parking area and round-the-clock security are added advantages.


Taj:

Centrally located in the Diplomatic Enclave of Delhi, Taj Diplomatic Enclave, New Delhi is around 6 km from various government offices and ministries. It is 7 km from Indira Gandhi International Airport. Popular tourist attractions like India Gate and Jantar Mantar are within 9 km from the hotel whereas Chandni Chowk, known for street food and wholesale markets, is a 40-minute drive away.
Room Amenities: Taj Diplomatic Enclave, New Delhi has tastefully done up rooms and suites. Rooms are categorized as Superior, Luxury, Deluxe and Taj Club. Each room offers views of gardens, pool, and the city. In-room amenities include LCD television, DVD player, Forest Essentials bath amenities, Wi-Fi, tea/coffee maker, electronic safe, and minibar.
Hotel Facilities: The trademark Jiva Spa offers holistic treatments, vitality pool and a special salt room. To maintain the fitness regime, there is a large outdoor pool and 24-hour fitness centre. Guests can shop for gifts and Indian handicrafts at Taj Khazana. There is a 24-hour business centre and meeting rooms for business travellers.
