manasa

The Marasa Sarovar Tirupati is 33 minutes from the Venkateshwara temple and features two specialty restaurants & a spa.
Hotel Marasa Sarovar Premiere is a 5 star theme property inspired by the 10 incarnation of Lord Vishnu. Located at the foothills of Tirumala hills the property is 7.4 km from Tirupati West Railway Station and 18.3 km from Tirupati Airport.
The hotel offers 121 lavish and plush rooms and suites with spectacular views of either the Tirumala hills or the water bodies in the hotel. The hotel offers modern amenities like Wi-Fi, study table with direct dial telephone, flat screen television with premium satellite channels, mini bar, complimentary packaged drinking water, tea/coffee maker, in-room personal electronic safe, housekeeping, service parallel phone line in bathroom, shower cubicle and complimentary toiletries.
Popular tourist spots to visit at Tirupati are Kapilatheertham (3.7 km) Padmavathi Temple ( 7.9 km)Chandragiri Fort (19.3 km) and Lord Venkateswara Temple (23.4 km). The hotel offers facilities like Wi-Fi connectivity currency exchange indoor games like air hockey, kiddy rides, toy catcher and hair dryer.
The gymnasium is the perfect destination to ensure you feel active recharged and truly fit at all times.To relax and spend fun-filled time with family and friends at the property swimming pool. Guests can avail rejuvenating massage therapies and treatments at the in-house Spa on fees. In addition the facilities like laundry, roll away bed, internet, mini bar, doctor on call and travel desk services are available on chargeable basis.
Guests can savor some exotic and freshly prepared Indian delicacies at the in-house restaurant and also offers the delight of savoring an exclusive on-site dining experience. The in-house cafe is a good place to relax with friends and hobnob over a nice coffee. Guests can relish meals in the comfort of their rooms by availing room service from the hotel. The property renders conference hall and banqueting facilities with an adequate seating arrangement is available for corporate and social meetings.
This hotel is an ideal place to relax and rejuvenate away from the hustle-bustle of the city life.


fortune

Situated in one of the most frequented pilgrimage destinations of South India- Tirupati, Fortune Select Grand Ridge is 16 km from the Tirupati airport and about 4 km from the Tirupati railway station. It is about 4 km from Govindaraja Swami Temple and 6 km from the ISKCON Temple.
Room Amenities: The 138 state-of-the-art, elegantly designed rooms are well-furnished and radiate a touch of tradition, which makes every holy journey memorable. There are 98 Standard Rooms, 45 Fortune Club Rooms, 4 Executive Suites and 1 Presidential Suite. The rooms come with Wi-Fi, satellite TV, electronic safe, tea/coffee maker and a minibar. Some rooms offer the magnificent view of the Tirumala Hills and the Shilparamam Park.
Hotel Facilities: Located at the foothills of Eastern Ghats, Fortune Select Grand Ridge rejuvenates mind, body and soul with its spa, fitness centre and swimming pool. In addition to these, the hotel offers Faith Services that includes a package offering an exclusive itinerary, concierge, menu and services.
Dining: Indulge in a scrumptious vegetarian meal at Rainbow, Grand Ridge's multi-cuisine restaurant that brings together flavours from around the world. The 24-hour coffee shop Zodiac is the place to enjoy a delicious all-day dining menu. Neptune Bar and Lounge is the in-house lounge which offers spirits, wine and beer.


minerva

Around 2km from Tirupati Main Railway Station, Hotel Minerva Grand offers a multi-cuisine restaurant, doctor-on-call facilities and Wi-Fi access.
Location:Located just a few minutes' drive from the main railway station, Hotel Minerva Grand is an ideal choice for travellers visiting Tirupati.Do not miss to visit the famous Govindaraja Swamy Temple that is a short 10-min drive from this hotel.
Room Amenities:The 3-star hotel features 69 well-decorated rooms that are categorised as Premium Rooms, Imperial Rooms and Grand Suite. In-room amenities include television, Wi-Fi connection, mini bar, tea/coffee maker and safety deposit locker.
Hotel Facilities:Theseinclude currency exchange, laundry, doctor-on-call and valet car parking.
Dining:Guests can enjoy authentic Indian and international dishes, along with the choicest of drinks, at the on-site 'Blue Fox Bar and Restaurant'.


viceroy

Proximity to the famous Kapila Theertham (400 m) and ISKCON Temple (1.4 km) makes this hotel a good choice for spiritual travellers. Tirupati Railway Station is only 3.6 km away.
The hotel offers facilities like 24-hour concierge services, doctor on call, parking space, gift shop, car rental and business centre. Multi-function halls are also available here for hosting private gatherings and seminars.
Book your stay in well-lit rooms and suites with stunning views of mountains. Rooms are well-equipped with modern amenities like cable television, telephone, electronic safe, wardrobe and Wi-Fi.
Enjoy a variety of Indian, Chinese and Continental delicacies at Gufha restaurant-cum-bar. Plantain Leaf offers a selection of vegetarian delights.
Guests can visit Sri Venkateswara Zoological Park (7.2 km) to spot white tigers and enjoy deer/lion safaris. The ancient Sri Govindaraja Swamy Temple is 3.5 km from the hotel.

