k

The Kay Hotel is located in Vijaywada. Hotel is 13.6km away from Vijayawada Airport, 11.3km away from Krishna Canal Railway Station and 8.6km away from Pandit Nehru Bus Station.
It is in proximity to famous tourist places like Kanakadurga Temple(10.4km), Prakasam Barrage(10.6km), Undavalli Caves(14.1km), Bhavani Island(15.5km), Mangalagiri(18km) and many more.
The hotel offers facilities room and house keeping service. Hotel also has facilities like conference hall, health club, Wi-fi internet access, help desk, parking facility. Guest can also request for doctor on call facility in case of any medical emergency.
In house multi-cuisine restaurant serves authentic, sumptuous delicacies to pamper food lovers. The hotel also houses a coffee shop for the guest to relax, where the selected bakery item and variety of beverages are available.
The hotel features comfortable room. All room comes with amenities like Tea/coffee maker, safe deposite locker, television, telephone, bathroom amenities, hot and cold water.



miner

4.4 km from Kanaka Durga Temple, 5.3 km from Vijayawada Junction Railway Station, 3.2 km from Pandit Nehru Bus Station, Restaurant, Coffee shop, Banquet hall, Wi-Fi (surcharge)
Minerva Grand is located close to the MG Road, approximately 20 minutes drive away from Vijayawada Airport. Popular attractions like Prakasam Barrage and Undavalli Caves can be reached within minutes from the hotel. The hotel's 27 Premium Rooms, 12 Imperial Rooms and a Grand Suite guarantees superior comfort. Spacious and thoughtfully designed, the accommodation units of the hotel are fitted with safe deposit locker, cable TV, Wi-Fi internet connection (surcharge) and air-conditioner.
Given its prime location near the MG Road, the hotel suits both business and leisure travellers. The large on-site banquet hall- Summit can be used by guests to conduct parties and business events. Doctor on call, laundry and travel assistance are other facilities offered.
Blue Fox, which houses 6 private dining rooms, is the ideal place to dine. There is also a coffee shop called Minerva Coffee Shop that serves scrumptious vegetarian food and beverages.



taj g

The Taj Gateway Hotel, MG Road Vijayawada is 20 km away from the Vijayawada Airport and approx. 4 km away from the Vijayawada Railway Station. The hotel is in close proximity to many local attractions.
The PVP Square and PVR Ripples Mall are just 300 m away from the property, Bapu Museum is 3 km away and the Prakasam Barrage is 5 km away. The hotel has a stunning view of the Krishna river and surrounding hills.
Room Amenities: All the rooms have a sleek, stylish and modern design and boast of a good view of the city, the river or the hills. The rooms are categorised as Standard, Superior and Executive, with Executive Suites and Gateway Suites available as well.
In-room amenities include high-speed Wi-Fi, an ergonomic work space, twin or king size beds, flat screen TV with cable/satellite network and a refrigerated mini-bar. The bathroom is well stocked with modern toiletries.
Hotel Facilities: Guests have the chance to rejuvenate themselves at the spa, which offers body therapies, scrubs and wraps, beauty and express services. The property also offers other facilities like business centre, fitness centre, currency exchange, laundry service, florist, doctor-on-call, car hire service, 24-hour room service and airport shuttles.
Dining:'G-Bar' offers a wide variety of wine, spirits, liquors, beer and cocktails, along with Indian and Chinese cuisine. The 'Bay Leaf Chinese & Andhra Restaurant' provides Andhra and Chinese cuisine. The 24-hour restaurant 'GAD' also offers Andhra cuisine created by expert chefs. 'Deli' is the place to go for desserts or delectable baked goodies.


city cen

Roughly 6-minute drive from Vijayawada Junction Railway Station, City Central has a gym, conference hall, business centre and Wi-Fi.
City Central is a boutique hotel that is centrally located in the industrial centre of Vijayawada. Close to Rajiv Gandhi Park, this 4 star hotel is easily accessible from Vijayawada Railway Station. Built in contemporary style, this hotel has 95 rooms that include 64 Club Rooms, 25 Deluxe Rooms and 6 Suites. The rooms are equipped with modern amenities, including internet connectivity and mini bar.
For business travellers who want to host official meetings, the hotel features a business centre and a conference hall that can accommodate 20-2000 members at a time. Within the premises, there is a gym called Ila Fit and a health club where guests can de-stress. Facilities like laundry, doctor-on-call, car parking, travel desk and car rental are also offered at the hotel.
The resort's in-house restaurant serves pure vegetarian food to guests. Step in the on-site bar to enjoy exotic drinks.
The hotel enjoys proximity to many important shopping centres, where guests can enjoy shopping.



