daspalla

Highlights of the Daspalla at Vishakhapatnam include four restaurants serving Indian and global cuisines & the trendy Dimple bar.
Location: Hotel Daspalla is a 4-star hotel located in the heart of the business district of Vishakapatnam. The hotel is located 12km from the Visakhapatnam airport and 2 km from the railway station. The places of attraction include Dolphins Nose (5 km), Kailasagiri (11 km) and Ross Hill (13 km).
Room Amenities: Guests can choose from 125 well furnished rooms and suites. Each of the rooms have been designed keeping the comfort of the guest in mind, without compromising on the aesthetic appeal. They are categorized into 19 Superior Rooms, 4 Superior Deluxe Rooms, 35 e-Club, 4 e-Club Deluxe, 46 Platinum Clubs, 6 Platinum Deluxe, 6 Golden Suites and 4 Platinum Suites. WiFi, electronic safe, mini-bar, fruit hamper and tea/coffee maker are exclusively available in e-Club rooms.
Hotel Facilities: Hotel Dastalla offers the best of modern facilities for business and leisure travelers. These include doctor on call, business centre, health club, swimming pool, a florist, sweet shop and a travel desk amongst others.
Dining: The property has 4 restaurants.Dharani, an Exclusive restaurant for South Indian thalis and snacks, Vaisakhi, a speciality vegetarian restaurant, Dakshin, a non-vegetarian speciality restaurant serving delectable Andhra food and Dimple, the bar and restaurant.

fairfield


Location: Situated in the business hub of Marripalem,Fairfield by Marriott Visakhapatnam is a 4-star property just 4 km away from the international airport. Nearby tourist attractions include INS Kurusura Submarine Museum (25-min drive), Simhachalam Temple (30-min drive),Rishikonda Beach (40-min drive) among others.
Room Amenities: 121 well-appointed rooms available in Standard Room, Premium Room and Junior Suite categories. In-room amenities include LED TV, sitting area with sofa, hair dryer in the bathroom etc. The Junior Suite comes with a separate living room, minibar and more. Butler service can also be availed.
Hotel Facilities:Well-equipped fitness centre, multiple eventspaces (up to 1000 pax), meeting rooms, Internet, concierge, foreign exchange, business centre and more.
Dining:'The Kava Grill & Lounge' offers an eclectic menu comprising of Indian and international cuisine.


novotel

Novotel Visakhapatnam Varun Beach is a 5-star resort, offering a picturesque view of beautiful Varun Beach on the Bay of Bengal.
With Visakhapatnam Airport a 30-min drive away, the hotel is in proximity to the Kali Temple Bus Stand (500 m), Ramakrishna Beach (1 km) and INS Kursura Submarine Museum (2 km).
Room Amenities: The hotel offers 225 modern rooms and suites including Superior Rooms, Executive Rooms and Suites. Each room offers sea-view and comes with modern amenities including a flat-screen TV, tea and coffee machine, minibar, personal safe and iPad docking station.
Hotel Facilities: Novotel Visakhapatnam has large indoor and outdoor spaces for events. It offers other facilities including a fitness centre, massage, sauna bath, hot tub, indoor games and golf lessons.
Dining: Five-course Indian meals are served at the sea-view restaurant, Zaffran. Infinity is a rooftop restaurant made entirely of glass. The Square serves international cuisine. Finally, the Vue lounge bar offers a fine selection of the best cocktails along with good music. 



taj gateway

Overlooking the Bay of Bengal, Taj Gateway is situated near Ramakrishna Beach. Located 13 km from the airport, 5 km from the railway station, the hotel is in the vicinity of tourist attractions such as INS Kurusura Submarine Museum (2 km), Matsya Darshini (400 m) and Vuda City Central Park (3 km).
Room Amenities: Spacious modern rooms are categorised under Standard Rooms, Executive Sea View Rooms and Executive Suite. All rooms provide bath amenities, minibar, internet access and satellite TV. The rooms offer a wonderful view of Bay of Bengal or the garden. Suites have a private balcony and staff for assistance.
Hotel Facilities: Leisure activities include spa, massage room, swimming pool, table tennis and pool table, state-of-the-art fitness centre, and golf (on request). The hotel offers services such as travel assistance, doctor-on-call, sightseeing tours, car rental, airport shuttle and essentials for kids and facilities for physically challenged. Business centre comprises business services 24/7, secretarial services on request and personal computers.
Dining: The hotel serves Indian cuisine at GAD from 7 am to 11:30 pm. Ming Garden serves Chinese fare for lunch and breakfast. Light snacks and beverages are served at Lawsons Lounge and Bar till midnight.

