Gang:

The hotel is situated in the Orange city, Nagpur. The bus stand is at 3kms, railway station at 2kms and airport at 8kms from the hotel. Deeksha Bhoomi and Nagpur Ramtek Temple is only 3kms, Futala Lake, Krazy Castle Aqua Park and Haldiram Water Park at 4kms, Balaji Mandir Temple at the distance of 9kms from the property.
Room Amenities: Guests can feel relaxed and enjoy all luxurious amenities like comfortable beds, rich linens, telephones, smart television, locker and other basic toiletries.
Hotel facilities: The hotel offers 24 hour room service, wi-fi internet, laundry and front desk service are provided. In case of emergency, doctor on call facility can be availed.
Dining: The hotel has 3 connoisseur of good food restaurants.


meridien:

Le Meridien Nagpur is an upscale property which is 7 km away from Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport and a 30-min drive from the railway station.
The historic Deekshabhoomi andAmbazari Lake are within a 30-min drive from the property.
Room Amenities: The tastefully designed rooms and suites come with a refrigerator, a mini-bar, Wi-Fi and room service. Additionally, connecting rooms, club level rooms and city view rooms are also available in Le Meridien Nagpur.
Hotel Facilities: The hotel provides wheelchair access, outdoor pool, ballroom, landscaped lawns and a well-equipped fitness centre.Family services like childcare services anda local family activity guide are also provided.
Dining: Kebab Hut serves Mughal Awadhi cuisine. Latest Recipe is the 24-hour cafe. Other dining options are Longitude (bar) and Eclair (confectionery).


Rad:
Radisson Blu Hotel is 3 km from Dr. Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport (Nag), 7 km from Nagpur Railway Station and 4 km from Ajni Railway Station making it easily accessible to the transport hubs. It is also located close to tourist attractions such as Sakardara Garden (6 km), Futala Lake (8 km), Ambazari Lake (6 km) and Shukrawari Lake (8 km).
The room amenities include LCD TV, Internet, dual-line telephone with international direct dialling and data port, tea/coffee-maker, shower cubicle, and thermostat-controlled air-conditioning. The suites are equipped with a separate living room and a shower cubicle with a whirlpool tub.
Hotel Facilities: If guests are looking for a relaxing massage, they can head to Sky Spa and Salon, while for the health conscious, there is a well-equipped fitness centre and a swimming pool, a business centre with secretarial and translatorial services, high-speed Internet, a limousine, news stand, valet and laundry service are also available.
Dining: Guests can enjoy authentic Indian cuisine at Indiya Oye or delicious Asian food at Ni Hao. The Creative Kitchen offers guests a delightful taste at international cuisine. For options outside the hotel, there is Moksh Restaurant, which is less than 1 km away.

sid:

The property offers myriad of conveniences such as internet, parking, front desk, luggage storage, laundry, doctor on call For more conveniences, all major cards are accepted. The well equipped conferencing and banqueting facilities are ideal for organising get together, business meeting and corporate events.
The rooms are designed with classic interiors that brings lush ambience of luxury living to guests. Every room in the hotel is designed in a manner to offer unhindered leisure which is subtle and unobtrusive. Equipped with requiste amenities like television and many more. All rooms have attached bathrooms here are fitted with essential toiletries. The hotel staff proudly hold the pride in treating guests with a feeling of utmost comfort and care.
With a stay in the hotel, guests can visit popular tourist attractions like Ramjhula Bridge(2 km), Tekdi Ganesh Mandir(3 km), Narrow Gauge Rail Museum(3 km), Deekshabhoomi(7 km), Futala Lake(7 km) and many more. Shopaholics can also indulge in shopping spree at various shopping places located close to the property. To tantalize their taste buds, guests can also visit nearby eating joints that serves an array of lip-smacking delicacies.

