ashoka
With its easy accessibility to many key attractions, OYO 3420 Hotel Ashoka in Warangal offers you the best services, experience and comfort at affordable rates. The property is well maintained by a trained and skillful OYO staff who ensure all your needs are catered to.Facilities:The rooms are equipped with modern amenities like AC, Geyser and much more.First aid, round the clock security and fire safety are provided to our guests for their safety. Our 24 hour helpdesk ensures your needs and requirements are catered to.What's NearbyTo make the most of your visit, head out to famous tourist spots like Thousand Pillar Temple, Kakatiya Samsthana - Padmakshamma Temple and Siddeshwara Temple.



suprabha 
Offering comfort and great services at budget rates, OYO 1251 Hotel Suprabha in Warangal is an ideal lodging for travelers touring the city. The property is well maintained by a trained and skillful OYO staff who ensure all your needs are catered to.Facilities:The rooms are equipped with modern amenities like AC, Geyser and much more.First aid, round the clock security and fire safety are provided to our guests for their safety. Our 24 hour helpdesk ensures your needs and requirements are catered to.What's NearbyTake a tour of the Warangal and explore key attractions like Kakatiya Samsthana - Padmakshamma Temple, Siddeshwara Temple and Thousand Pillar Temple.


landmark
The Hotel Land Mark is situated in Warangal. The hotel is located at a distance of 150 m Nakkalagutta Bus Stop Number 2 and 8.0 km from Warangal Railway Station. The guests can go on an outing to Padmakshamma Temple(2.4 km), Ramappa temple(2.7 km), Thousand Pillar Temple(2.7 km), Sree Bhadrakali Devasthanam(4.2 km) to make the trip memorable. The nearest airport to the region is Hyderabad International Airport.
The hotel greets its guests to a wonderful ambiance of warmth and care. It offers front desk, room service and many more essential facilities. In case of medical emergency, assistance of doctor on request is provided. The property houses simple and sober rooms that offer a homely ambiance to guests. They are beautifully decorated with cozy interiors. All rooms have attached bathroom with essential toiletries.

crystal
Located in the city in the Indian state of Telangana, Warangal. It is at a distance of 12 km from Warangal Airport, 7 km from Komatipalli Railway Station and 900 m from Hanamkonda Bus Station.
Popular places to visit in Warangal are Thousand Pillar Temple Lake (650 m), Sree Bhadrakali Devasthanam (2 km), Siddeshwara Temple (2 km), Kakatiya Musical Garden (3 km), Govinda Rajula Gutta (6 km), Iskcon Temple (6 km), Warangal Fort (8 km) and many more.
