four:
5 km from Pune International Airport and 10 km from Pune Railway Station, Four Points By Sheraton Hotel and Service Apartment is a 5-star property.
Nearby attractions are Aga Khan Palace (3.5 km), Osho International Meditation Resort (7 km) and the historic Shaniwar Wada Palace (over 11 km).
Room Amenities: There are contemporarily designed rooms in the hotel. All the rooms offer Internet, rainforest shower, LCD TV, refrigerator, mini-bar, electronic safe, kitchenette and a microwave oven.
Hotel Facilities: These include 24-hour room service, 24-hour fitness center, meeting rooms, outdoor pool and spa. The front desk can arrange for airport transfers and car rental.
Dining:'Panash Restaurant' serves Pan-Asian cuisine. 'Alfresco Beyond the Eatery'is an open-air venue with lawn seating. 'The Eatery'is an all-day dining restaurant that serves international cuisine. 'The Best Brew Pub'serves ice cold international beerand snacks.



MINt KAre:

Mint Karegoan park is the a baetiful resort in the midst of nature.
Enjoy taking a walk in the surrounded natural park or take cab to the city(a short ride  away)
At your disposal is a 24 hour roomservice, free wifi, spa ,coffe maker and many other amenities.
Each was carefully designed to reflect the surounding forestry atmosphere.
A restaraunt is also available 24/7.  




High mint:

Located in the Koregaon Park, Pune. It is well connected to many popular places such as Laxmi Road (6 km), the famous Srimant Dagadushet Ganapati (5 km) and Kelkar museum (6 km).The hotel is close to the Osho Garden (1 km). It is 12 km away from Pune Lohegaon Airport and 4 km away from Pune City Railway Station.
Rooms Amenities: The rooms come with a flat-screen TV, internet connectivity, tea/coffee maker, locker iron and ironing boards and attached bathroom with premium toiletries.
Hotel Facilities: The hotel offers reception, security and parking services. It also has a gymnasium, spa and a salon. There is a banquet space that can accommodate 400 people for private events. For business events and meetings, there are 3 conference facilities at the hotel. The rooftop garden is available for private dining, parties and smaller conferences.
Dining: Kitsch is the all-day restaurant that offers cosmopolitan menus with seasonal twists. The lobby bar has the finest collection of wines, while Minnus bar offers cocktails next to the swimming pool. Other dining options include Harajuku, specializing in Japanese cuisine.





taj gateway:

The Taj Gateway Hotel, Hinjewadi, is located at the heart of Punes IT centre and a few minutes away from the industrial hub. Situated 22 km from Pune Airport and 17 km from Pune railway station, this hotel is close to the offices of many top business organisations.
Room Amenities: The hotel offers Deluxe Rooms and Executive Suites for the guest to choose from. All rooms and suites offer a view of the city and come with DTH TV, electronic safe, iron/ironing board, Wi-Fi, a walk-in glass shower cubicle and essential toiletries. The rooms boast of contemporary furnishing with lavish yet tasteful dcor.
Hotel Facilities: The Taj Gateway combines corporate seriousness with indulgences like a spa that offers body therapies, scrubs, wraps, facials and a hair spa. The hotel has a business centre with facilities like high-speed Internet, translation/interpretation services, secretarial services and more.
The hotel also offers a golf course and a fitness center that includes a 24-hour gymnasium and a swimming pool. Two event rooms are also available with accommodation ranging from 25 to 300 people.
Dining:Buzz is the 24-hour restaurant which offers a wide array of Indian and International cuisine, while Swirl, the in-house lounge, serves a wide variety of cocktails, premium spirits and finger food. Swirl is open from 3:00 PM to 11:00 PM.
