city:

The hotel offers elegantly furnished rooms and suiteswith contemporarydecor and picturesque views of the pool or city. Rooms are categorized as Superior Charm, Deluxe Delight and Premium Indulgence, and Suites and featureWi-Fi, ergonomic workstations, spacious wardrobes, 42-inch LED television, tea/coffee maker, and four-fixture bathrooms with luxury bath amenities.
Hotel Facilities: The hotel offers 7 state-of-the-art venues, including a ballroom with a capacity of up to 500 people, for meetings, events and gatherings. The hotel also features the trademark Jiva Spa - a luxury ayurvedic spa and salon, a 24-hour business centre, 24-hour fitness centre, 24-hour in-room dining facility, travel desk andbabysitting service (on request). The hotel offers special amenities for single lady travellers, kids and pets.
Dining: The world-cuisine restaurant 'Latitude'serves delectable global cuisines, local flavours, and breakfast round-the-clock.Thai food enthusiasts can head to the award-winning restaurant 'Thai Pavilion'for lunch or dinner. The high-energy bar 'Tease' also has outdoor alfresco terrace. The gourmet delicatessen 'Deli4'offers an array of desserts and freshly baked breads.

pll:
European architecture and gardens greet guests at Pllazio. Enjoy all day dining at Melange and signature cocktails at Scruples Bar.
Location: Elegantly designed with continental overtones, wide portico and landscaped gardens, the Pilazio is located very close to Huda Metro Station (1 km). The other modes of connectivity are Bridge Railway Station (19 km) and the Indira Gandhi International Airport (14 km). It offers easy access to some of the main tourist spots such as the Kingdom of Dreams (650 m) and Qutub Minar (17 km).
Room amenities: Set amidst spacious grounds and verdant greenery, the hotel features rooms and suites. They are all elegantly styled to reflect the very best of European architecture, including large windows that offer scenic views of the garden. The air conditioned rooms come with WiFi, in-room safe, iron and iron board and well-designed bathrooms with complimentary toiletries.
Hotel facilities: The hotel features a well-equipped business center with secretarial services. Event spaces include a banquet center and meeting room, both equipped with video conferencing facilities. The leisure options are a health and wellness center with gym and outdoor swimming pool. The essential services offered are 24-hour room service, 24-hour concierge services, front desk, travel desk, doctor on call, laundry/dry cleaning and free parking. The hotel also provides complimentary breakfast.

Umr:
The Umrao is situated in New Delhi which boasts of being the perfect blend of history and modernity. There are numerous attractive tourist spots including famous temples and other places that attract large number of travelers from all over the country. The Umrao offers luxurious service apartments that are specifically designed to make the stay comfortable. Guest can reach the hotel through Indira Gandhi International Airport that is 6.6 km away and 24.5 km from Nizamuddin Railway Station.
To ease the stress of travel, the property offers conveniences such as Wi-Fi, business center, front desk, concierge desk, foreign currency exchange and many more for the pleasurable stay of guests. The multi-cuisine restaurant of the hotel has a perfect setting where guests can enjoy scrumptious regional, Chinese and Continental dishes. The conferencing and banqueting spaces available at the hotel are ideal for organizing business and social events. The well-stocked Infinity bar and lounge offers ideal settings to socialize over a glass of exotic cocktails and wines.

Oran:

Plush accommodation and a spa and salon are highlights at Orana Hotels, 6 kmfrom IGI airport and also that features poolside dining.
Location: Orana Hotels and Resorts is situated off NH8 (160 m), in Rangpuri, South West Delhi. It is located not far from several transport hubs such as Delhi Aero City Metro (6 Km), Indira Gandhi International Airport (6 Km), and New Delhi Railway Station (21 Km). Major business centers located around the hotel are DLF Cyber Hub (4 Km) and Connaught Place (20 Km), while the tourist attractions within a 20 km radius include Qutub Minar (15 Km) and Rashtrapati Bhawan (17 Km).
Room Amenities: The property offers spacious rooms that are categorized into rooms and suites. All the rooms are equipped with amenities such as flat-screen TV, Ayurvedic toiletries, complimentary magazines and newspapers, exclusive workstation, air-conditioning/heating and two bottles of packaged drinking water.
Hotel Facilities:There is an exclusive gymnasium in the hotel premises for the fitness conscious guests, as well as an operational swimming pool. The spa and salon are the popular leisure options within the property. There are also several event venues such as meeting room, conferences hall and picturesque outdoor banqueting facilities. The hotel can also arrange for outdoor games such as tennis and football.