Far:

blu:
Guests at Radisson Blu Faridabad can enjoy holistic spa therapies, dine on Asian specials at House of Soy and relax at the pool bar.
Location: Situated in the heart of Faridabad, the Radisson Blu is elegantly designed with a wide portico and exquisitely designed interiors with chandeliers. The nearby transport hubs are Bata Chowk Metro Station (4 m) and Old Faridabad Railway Station (4 km), while Indira Gandhi International Airport is 41 km away. It also offers easy access to several tourist attractions such as the Tughlaqabad Fort (21 km), Lotus Temple (24 km) and Qutub Minar (27 km).
Room amenities: The Radisson Blu features rooms and suites, each tastefully designed with large windows offering a panoramic views of the expansive lawns. The rooms are air conditioned and equipped with modern amenities such as WiFi, flat-screen TV and writing desk. The rooms have elegantly styled bathrooms outfitted with complimentary toiletries.
Hotel facilities: There is a wellness center and spa which offers a wide range of holistic treatments. Business travelers can make use of the fully operational business center, while there is also spacious banqueting hall available to host events. There is a well-designed swimming pool as well, with a pool bar.
Dining: Broadway is the all-day dining restaurant that offers a range of Indian and international cuisine. House of Soy specializes in Chinese and Japanese cuisine. There is also a Tea Lounge for those looking for a good brew.



gold:
Nestled in New Delhi and NCR, that reflects a picture rich with architecture, culture and religion. The Goldfinch Hotel stands as an epitome of plush hospitality blended with the utmost luxury and comfort. Nearest means of transportation from this property is Indira Gandhi International Airport (25 km), New Delhi Railway Station (22 km) and Surajkund Crossing Bus Stop (2 km). One can also opt for state transport or can hire a private vehicle to reach the property.
It features Wi-Fi, laundry, front desk, parking, business centre and other notable facilities. The travel desk will take care of all the woes that one might go through during the planning of short outings. The rooms are crafted individually to cater to specific requirements of guests during their stay. Decked in soothing colour tones and simple interiors, they are equipped with air-conditioner, tea/coffee maker, telephone, television, attached bathrooms and other requisite amenities.
There is spacious banquet hall, which can take up to 150 persons for formal and informal gathering. Also lush green gardens of the place are perfect when one wants to host joyous events. The informal all-day dining in-house restaurant, offers an eclectic array of culinary delights from around the world. The friendly and modest staff ensures that guests rejoice every moment spend in the hotel.


del:

The hotel is known for providing elementary accommodation and facilities, which are a good blend of contemporary design and comfort. To ease the stress of travel the hotel offers an array of facilities such as round the clock room service, front desk, in-house laundry, dry cleaning, taxi on call, doctor on call and parking.
The property houses rooms that are equipped with an encore of basic amenities such as television, tea/coffee maker, mini bar, international direct dial telephone, attached bathroom with separate shower cubicles, hot/cold water and various other essential toiletries.



sura:

Designed on the concept of a Baoli, the Vivanta by Taj Surajkund is an upscale property that offers luxurious stays. This 5-star hotel is near the commercial centre of Surajkund and is easily accessible fromthe commercial areas of Okhla, Mohan Co-operative Industrial Area, Saket and Nehru Place.The Qutub Minar is 12km from the property and the Lotus Temple is 10km from the hotel. Guests can also plan a visit to the ISKCON temple, which is just 8 km from the hotel.
Room Amenities: The hotel has guest rooms and suites that offer views of the central courtyard and/or the infinity pool. All rooms feature modern amenities such as tea/coffee maker, LCD TV, ergonomic work desk, electronic safe. Ensuite bathroom has a separate shower cubicle and bathtub, and Forest Essentials bath amenities.
Hotel Facilities: The hotel has plenty of wellness amenities such as an outdoor pool and well-equipped fitness centre. Pamper yourself at the Jiva Grande Spa and use the steam, sauna and the ice fountain areas at the hotel. Besides a table tennisand pool table, there is a kids club that offers art and craft activities, as well asplaystation consoles. Currency exchange, business centre, car rental, laundry and doctor on call are the other services available here.

