ajanta:

Ambassador Ajanta reflects the rustic charm of the historic city.
Besides well-equipped event venues along with business centre, the hotel offers activities such as table tennis, badminton and squash courts, gym, jogging track, spa, and swimming pool. Other facilities include room service, laundry, currency exchange, car parking, doctor on call and travel arrangements.
All rooms and suites are spacious, brightly lit, centrally air-conditioned and designed with elegant interiors. In-room amenities like LCD TV, Wi-Fi, work desk, safe, mini bar, tea/coffee maker and STD/ISD direct dial telephone make the stay a convenient one. Attached bathrooms come with shower, hairdryer and premium toiletries.
Dining: In-house dining venues include The Society multi-cuisine restaurant and Garbah-the Ethnic Bar.

athithi:

Located in City of Gates, bustling hub of arts and culture, Aurangabad, Hotel Atithi is a reliable property that offers accustomed accommodation with warm hospitality and customised services. It is a pocket friendly property that offers visitors a very convenient location to stay in and enjoy the proximity to most of the major business and entertainment centers. This a value for money property that offers immense pleasure to guests.
For accommodation, the property offers spacious, airy and well-lit rooms, featuring simple decor and furnishings. The hotel provides the travelers with an ideal option of luxurious stay by virtue of its vantage location, superb facilities and impeccable services. Equipped with amenities like air conditioning, television, telephone, restful beds, clean linen, sofa units, table, work desk, wardrobe, luggage storage, chairs and many more to make the stay pleasurable for guests. All rooms have attached bathrooms fitted with essential bathroom toiletries along with hot/cold water supply. An epitome of warm hospitality, efficient and polite staff make feel at home to guests.


One:

Low on budget no worrries.
The one offers a world classs experience on a low budget. 
All rooms have free wifi, 24 hour room service, coffe-maker, lcd tv and cable, daily, housekeeping.
Also a world class restaraunt is open 24/7.

Vivanta:

The property offers a swimming pool and gymnasium, as well as mini-golf and croquet facilities, a walking track, manicured gardens and unique dining venues. The Taj Garden Spa offers a wide variety of rejuvenation treatments to the guests. For meetings and events, the property has 4 event spaces, with the Sun Lawns capable of accommodating up to 1,000 guests. There is also a fully functional business centre, valet parking and a 24-hour front desk.
Dining:'Latitude' is the all-day dining restaurant which serves international and healthy cuisine. Spend an afternoon at the 'Tea House' and enjoy different varieties of tea and well made Chinese delicacies. Tease Bar and Garden Cafe, that offers Indian food and live folk music, are other dining options at the hotel.
The rooms feature contemporary furnishings and views of the garden or pool. Amenities include flat-screen TV, Wi-Fi, tea/coffee maker, mini-bar and private balcony.
