gayatri khammam:
A 3 star property is located at 141 km away from Vijayawada Airport, 1.2 km from Khammam Railway Station and 900 m from Khammam Bus Station.
Hotel offers its guests easy access to quite a few attractions like Kinnerasani Wildlife Sanctuary, Kusumanchi, Nelakondapalli, Khammam Fort and Theerthala.
Beautiful array of facilities to ease your senses and make your stay comfortable are parking, Wi-Fi internet access, travel and transfers, front desk, room service, air conditioning, coffee shop, concierge, intercom, laundry and wake up call. In case of medical emergencies guest can also avail doctor on call facility at the hotel.
In addition, there is a well-equipped on-site conference hall and banquet to host meetings, conferences and parties.
The rooms here are designed to provide comfort with amenities like telephone, Wi-Fi internet, hairdryer, mini bar, tea/coffee Maker and bathroom toiletries.

kaveri:
Hotel Kaveri is located in Khammam which has a great historic value. Hotel Kaveri is a budget property located at a distance of 1 km from Khammam Railway Station and 2 km from Khammam Bus Stand. The nearest airport to the hotel is Vijayawada Airport.
Room Amenities: Hotel houses airy, capacious, well lit rooms offering a good blend of contemporary design and splendid comfort that emanate a feeling of elegant living. Stylish and comfortable, the rooms are equipped with room amenities like work desk, mini bar, telephone and many more. All rooms have attached bathrooms fitted with essential bathroom amenities and toiletries along with hot/cold water supply.
Hotel Facilities: For a relaxed and comfortable stay, an array of facilities are offered such as Wi-Fi, parking, room service and many more. Guests can also avail rejuvenating massage therapies and treatments at the in-house spa. It features well-equipped conferencing and banqueting venues, making it a perfect base for business travelers. For any medical need guests will get specialized doctors on call facility. All major credit cards are accepted to provide patrons a relaxed and hassle free stay.


manasarover
Welcome to our Hotel, a well-known hotel in Telangana, India. Our hotel is centrally located in heart of the Khammam. It is at a distance of 193 Kms in the eastern region of the capital city (Hyderabad). Our hotel is very near to Bus stand and Railway station. It will take you only 3 minutes to reach our hotel.
Known for its hospitability and excellent service, we at Atidhi ensure that as far as comfort and luxury of our customers are concerned, we leave no stone unturned. In fact we take in to account all the minutest details of our clients so that their stay at our hotel is a memorable one.
We ensure that our facilities and different features available in the hotel are at par with the best in the industry so that you not only enjoy your stay here, but also make it a point to refer it to others. We have Split ACs and LCD TV in all our 40 rooms, thus ensuring that the patrons are able to live happily and luxuriously. Some of the places that you can visit include Badrachalam. The Lord Sree Rama Temple in Badrachalam is on the banks of river Godavari. Besides, there are many other spots in Khammam. Some of which include Khammam fort, Narasimha Temple, Jamalapuram temple and Khammam Laxmi. Your visit to Khammam will remain incomplete if you fail to enjoy the Wyer Lake, Papi Kondalu hills and Palair Lake.
Moreover, it is very easy to reach Khammam and our hotel. Whether you come by train or bus, you will not find any difficulty in reaching our hotel, as it is located very near to them.

Our Facilities

24 hrs. Room Service
Business Center
Travel Desk
Money Exchange
24 hrs. check in/out time
All major credit cards are accepted
Doctor on call
Wi- fi Internet free of cost

bonagiri'

NEAT AND CLEAN ROOMS WITH SUFFICIENT LIGHTING AND VENTILATION IN THE HEART OF KHAMMAM CITY.